---
layout: post
title: "3rd Cycle / Start of 4th + New Updates"
date: 2020-08-10
categories: public-information, roadmap, announcements
---

This week marks the 33rd week, or the drawing of a close on our last 10 week development cycle. With that comes new priorities, and focuses and our public forward guidance on what we expect the next 10 week cycle.

- Staking Protocol 
    - RelaySwap
        * Relay Swap acts as a "harness" onto uniswap, where we divide liquidity amongst two different pools. A pool, by using bots, trades the liquidity it has available to it. 
        * Liquidity Pools are alot like liquidity mining, except for:
            * Adversarial Reporting 
        * Adversarial or Proof of Violation 
            * This is how "honest reporting", i.e. trading the benchmark price or the main price feed, can be transmitted decentralized without using a direct price feed connection. 
            * Trading bots, similiar to Snthetix or MakerDAO trading, that is to say add and remove liquidity to affect change on Uniswap to be more reflective of the chosen bnechmark rate.
            * This provides for various benefits:
            * 1. Volume increases
            * 2. Liquidity increases 
            * 3. Price is more reflective of the off-chain markets (ceteris paribus, ergo cheaper)
            * 4. Staking rewards can be completely self-managing (i.e. this is like earning transaction fees)
            * 5. You wouldn't have as much at risk versus doing it yourself
            * 6. We can use this price feed system to bring new contracts such as freight container pricing possibly on-chain, without the need for oracles, as the prices for these instruments do not change sub milisecond (e.g. S&P E-MINIS)

- X12EDIProtocol 
    - A Reference Implementation integrating the 4010 transaction standard has been made public, see it here: [github/freight-trust/x12](https://github.com/freight-trust/X12solidity) 
    - A commerical license, for which we have applied for back in April, should be granted by early September
    - X12.org was hacked for a ransomware attack and their website is just now working again 

- Baseline Demo
    - A Baseline Demo is forthcoming with this new dev-kit for X12
    - Expect Demo hopefully no later than labor day weekend (we would like end of August but we do not make the shcedule!)

- GitHub Weekly Digest and Newsletters
    - We will be bringing online a newsletter again, but through a different domain, freighttrust.io - this is strictly because we can not risk the `.com` domain e-mail going to spam, plus we have had issues with Mailchimp and crypt-related content in the past. 

- Bilaxy and CMC - We have gotten a response for CMC, we are fixing an API along with fixing the telegram bot for supply, expect mid-next Week for listing.